This directory contain plugins that generate codes for various
A/C systems.

Each plugin file must have a

       PluginObject

class that must have a "factory" method to generate HVAC objects, a 'brand' attribute
and a 'models' attribute containing the list of models supported

NOTE: DO NOT use '|' in either the brand or the model names. It is used to concatenate



Each HVAC object describes a specific way of generating codes for IR transmission.

The codes should be returned as a list of bytes in either lsb or msb format. The
HVAC object must have its "is_msb" attribute set to False or True accordingly.

All HVAC objects are required to have at the minimum 2 capabilities:

    mode   with at least "off" and another value ("auto", "cool", ....)
    temperature  with the accepted range

Other capabilities are expected.

To simplify things, it is requested that some sort of normalization
of function names occur. In most cases an AC unit will have the following

    mode: the operating mode. Values are expected to be amongst
          "off"   turned off (This is mandatory)
          "auto"  automatic mode sometines known as "feel", ...
          "cool"  Cooling
          "heat"  Heating
          "dry"   dehumidifying
          "fan"   fan mode only

    temperature:  The full range of temperatures. If there
                  are 2 distinct ranges for cooling or heating,
                  the union should be used here.

    fan: The air flow power. Values are expecterd to be amongst
           "auto"   Automatic mode
           lowest   The lowest air flow setting
           low
           medium
           high
           highest

           When there are only 3 modes, highest, medium and lowest should be used

    swing: The use of the vertical orientation of the air flow..
            It can be a switch on/off (values False and True) or more complex

            auto  automatic (in many cases similar to the on/off switch function)
            90    Horizontal orientation
            60
            45
            30
            15
            0     Vertical orientation

Many other functions are possible, but still some canonization is recommended.

For instance, many manufactures trademarked their air purifying techonlogy: nanoe, nanoex (Panasonic),
plasmacluster (Sharp),.... In this case it is recommended to use the name "purifier" fore that functionm

TO BE CONTINUED
